the
really very concerned and applied you
really very very happy it was also
a little challenge from the team's stadium
France with whom we worked a lot
together that's who was a group
France is not created only dragon
and it's true that with 12 out of 18 players
or 19
you could think that I would have a little bit of
groups three groups and actually I
found very very well very involved
knew that it's boys who soon
that they start working together
we saw how I saw a lot
of automatisms against the players
and frankly I 'm proud of them because
that they have achieved a feat
I think the last time
the France team was going to win
the academy was when teddy sadaoui
was junior so about 12 years old I
think about what I feel especially
is that the accumulation of these matches
face precisely these academy players
did our players get on and we got
could see him only physically
that is to say that physically we were
well until the match until the end of
match forgiveness
there are 2 3 1 but missed the five ten
last minutes last year the
match had been played directly at the
last minute here I felt them
very serene the dragon fairies ben I
think it's indisputable in the
to the extent that in addition there are
key players who have been really
important and we really see the
progression of his players since
last year most of which was
cadet ben simply the wigan that's
the strongest team that we encounter
so it went well I was going to say
until half time since we were at 10
6 after it has been more difficult
wigan is still a team that
proposes who asks a lot of questions
to the defenses who has this ability to
move the ball and
it was in any case an important step
in our learning
so we're going to see precisely for more
a month and a half
almost two months the progress they
have really accomplished on the job
defensive and fight that was it was a
will
earlier in the last week and
so the beginning of this week
after i will attach myself as liszt
here they are rather context of the match
it's wigan it's a prestigious match
facing one of the best academies
the one that produces the most players and
national teams and also in super
league
so we have it is for us a new
step new ways to evaluate ourselves